Process updates (#1291)
openjournals/joss: docs/submitting.md

Please write admin@theoj.org with confidential matters such as retraction requests, report of misconduct, and retroactive author name changes.

> In case of a name change, the DOI will be unchanged and the paper will be updated without publishing a correction notice. Please note that as JOSS submissions are handled in the public, updates to papers are visible in the public record (e.g., in the [JOSS papers repository](https://github.com/openjournals/joss-papers) commit history).

Author: ```suggestion
In the event of a name change request, the DOI will remain unchanged, and the paper will be updated without the publication of a correction notice. Please note that because JOSS submissions are managed publicly, updates to papers are visible in the public record (e.g., in the [JOSS papers repository](https://github.com/openjournals/joss-papers) commit history).
```
